Add note about the directory requirement (#6428)
tuist/tuist: docs/docs/guide/introduction/adopting-tuist/swift-package.md

> [!WARNING]
> The aim of this feature is to provide an easy way for developers to assess the impact of adopting Tuist and [Tuist Cloud](/cloud/what-is-cloud) in their Swift Packages. Therefore, we don't plan to support the full range of Swift Package Manager features nor to bring every Tuist's unique features like [project description helpers](/guide/project/code-sharing) to the packages world.

> > [!NOTE]
> > For `tuist generate` to work with a Swift Package, either a `.git` or a `Tuist` directory need to be present in your project.

Reviewer: I'd generalize it beyond `tuist generate`:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE] ROOT DIRECTORY
> Tuist commands expect a certain [directory structure](/guide/project/directory-structure.html#standard-tuist-projects) whose root is identified by a `Tuist` or a `.git` directory.
```
